SRM: Configure ServcieNow as change source (#3270)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/monitored-service/change-source/servicenow-change-source.md

You need to integrate the webhook you created in Harness SRM with ServiceNow to start receiving the incident alerts. This involves setting up the incident format, creating a business rule with correct conditions, and adding the Harness webhook to your ServiceNow account.

To receive incident alerts in ServiceNow using the webhook created in Harness SRM, follow these steps:

### Create an incident record in ServiceNow

To create an incident record in ServiceNow, do the following:

1. In your ServiceNow account, navigate to **All** > **Incident**, and then select **New**.
   You can also select **New** from the **Incident list** view.

2. On the form, fill in the following fields:

   - **service**: Affected business service.
   
   - **short_description**: A brief description of the incident.
   
   - **description**: Detailed explanation of the incident.
   
   - **environment**: You need to add this field manually in the form.

To learn more, go to [Create an incident](https://docs.servicenow.com/en-US/bundle/vancouver-it-service-management/page/product/incident-management/task/create-an-incident.html).

### Create a business rule in ServiceNow

> A business rule is essential for defining trigger conditions and configuring the Harness webhook in ServiceNow. Below are the steps to create a business rule that meets the requirements for using ServiceNow as a custom change source in Harness SRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A business rule is essential to define trigger conditions and configure the Harness webhook in ServiceNow. Below are the steps to create a business rule that meets the requirements to use ServiceNow as a custom change source in Harness SRM.
```

1. In your ServiceNow account, navigate to **System Definition** > **Business Rules**, and then select **New**.  
   The settings page appears.

   <docimage path={require('./static/servicenow-business-rule.png')} />
   
2. In the **When to run** tab, set the conditions for the business rule. Ensure it includes the following conditions:
   

>    - **When**: Specify when the rule should execute: when this business rule should execute: "display", "before", "async", or "after" the database operation is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **When**: Specify when the rule should execute: "display", "before", "async", or "after" the database operation is complete.
```

   
   - **On which Operations**: Determine on which database operations the rule should execute.
   
   - **Conditions**: Define the conditions that must be met for the rule to execute.
  
3. In the **Advanced** tab, write a script to configure the webhook URL that you [copied in Harness SRM](#copy-webhook-url). Below is a sample script that you can modify according to your specific requirements:
      
<details>
<summary><b>Expand to view the sample script for the ServiceNow business rule.</b></summary>

   ```

   (function executeRule(current, previous /*null when async*/ ) {
      try {
         var r = new sn_ws.RESTMessageV2();

>          r.setEndpoint("https://app.harness.io/cv/api/webhook/custom-change?accountIdentifier=vpCkHKsDSxK9_KYfjCTMKA&orgIdentifier=cvng&projectIdentifier=SRM_Sanity&monitoredServiceIdentifier=customchange_prod&changeSourceIdentifier=serviceNowCustom");

Reviewer: Should the accountIdentifier and orgIdentifier be masked?

Author: Thanks for alerting

         r.setHttpMethod("post");
         r.setRequestHeader("content-type","application/json");

>          r.setRequestHeader("X-Api-Key","pat.vpCkHKsDSxK9_KYfjCTMKA.645a3e9a849f5d37022adc96.SNy6VxThxDBQFwOzoTSV");

Reviewer: Mask the API key?

Author: Thanks for alerting

1. In your Harness project, go to **Service Reliability** > **Monitored Services**.  
   A list of monitored services is displayed.

2. Select the monitored service for which you have configured ServiceNow as a custom change source.

3. Inside the selected monitored service, go to the **Change Impact** tab. On the **Change Impac**t tab, the following detailed information about the ServiceNow incident is displayed:
   
   - **Time Line Graph**: Displays an **Incidents** line with an event icon. This icon indicates a ServiceNow incident.
  
   - **Changes Section**: Lists the ServiceNow incident along with other change incidents. 
 

 <docimage path={require('./static/change-impact-view-servicenow-incident.png')} />

### View ServiceNow incident Change card

1. In your Harness project, go to **Service Reliability** > **Monitored Services**.  
   A list of monitored services is displayed.

2. Select the monitored service for which you have configured ServiceNow as a custom change source.

3. In the **Changes** section, locate and select the specific ServiceNow incident for which you want to view the Change card. The Change card is displayed with the following information:

>    - Source: Information about the source of the incident.

Reviewer: Are these UI elements? If so, recommend bold.
